For this problem, I figured out that the largest sum of numbers would be generated by 2 numebrs that are combination of numbers in odd position or even position in a sorted array. For example, in an array [2, 5, 7, 8, 9] largest number would be sum of 972 and 85. Below I explain the complexity of different parts of the code:

# sort_array 
This function is used to sort an array of numbers. This program uses divide and conquer principle to sort the array. Using divide and conquer, the function sort_array first divides the array into half everytime and then recursively divides the left half and the right half. Then once the base case is reached i.e when array has one element then it returns the array and starts conquer step in the function: merge. For this function, since we are using recursion to solve half of the problems each time, the time complexity woulb be T(n) = T(n/2) + O(n). So the overall complexity would be O(nlog(n)). There is a new array created that holds the sorted elements in the merge call of this funciton and the array could occupy at most n spaces, so the space complexity of the code would be O(n).

# merge 
This is the conquer step. This function, pops first elements from the left array and the right array, then checks to find the smallest of the two. Then it appends to a new array. Since there are n comparision made in this step, the overall complexity of the code would be O(n). Also since there is a new array created that can atmost occupy n spaces, the space complexity of this code would be O(n).

# rearrange_digits
When rearrange_digits function is called, the first task would be to sort the input array. To sort this array I am using merge sort by calling function sort_array which has a complexity of O(nlog(n)) and space complexity of O(n). 

Once the input array is sorted, a traversal is made in that array generating the 2 final numbers. If we ignore the function call for sorting, there are only 2 variables used to hold the temporary variables so the space compleixy of this part is constant i.e O(1). This traversal is linear in nature i.e O(n) time complexity.

# overall 
Hence the overall complexity of the program considering sorting and traversal is O(nlog(n)) in time an O(n) in space.
